FREE AMATEUR WEBCAMS - Young Girls Perform from their Bedrooms!


Open Webcam Feeds - FREE - Join the Community!


http://tableslegs.com/cr17/


It is truly incredible - People from all around the world are using
their webcams to get off. Now is your chance to watch Men and women,
boys and girls show off just for you. Best of all, it's FREE, LIVE
and UN-F*CKING-BELIEVABLE. Either peep in on the sexy activity or
participate with your own webcam! You've got to try this out!


Open Amateur Webcam Feeds are Active RIGHT NOW!!!



Get out? http://tableslegs.com/1m/

Hello

www.Self-catering-breaks.com is now becoming one of the largest sites on the internet
for people who wish to list their own properties.

We already have 1000's of properties listed but want to make sure you already have
listed your properties.

So please feel free to add your property or properties.

Firstly register and you will be emailed an authorisation key.

Thanks for your time and please pass this email onto anyone you think may be
interested to list for free.


Hello, I have a special offer for you...

WANT TO LOSE WEIGHT?

The most powerful weightloss is now available
without prescription. All natural Adipren720
100% Money Back Guarantee!

- Lose up to 19% Total Body Weight.
- Up to 300% more Weight Loss while dieting.
- Loss of 20-35% abdominal Fat.
- Reduction of 40-70% overall Fat under skin.
- Increase metabolic rate by 76.9% without Exercise.
- Burns calorized fat.
- Suppresses appetite for sugar.
- Boost your Confidence level and Self Esteem.

Get the facts about all-natural Adipren720:

Rx Shopping Service Brings You our Newest Product:

Your personal shopping service that legally provides
Over the Counter (OTC) approved drugs from Canada and
around the world.

Order Valium (Diazepam) and it will be
guaranteed Delivery within 7 DAYS!

Do not miss out *Limited Quantity!

Visit Here:


Reduce your mortgage payments

Interest Rates are Going Up!
Give Your Family The Financial Freedom They Deserve

Refinance Today & SAVE
*Quick & EASY
*CONFIDENTIAL
*100's Of Lenders
*100% FREE
*Get The Lowest Rate

Apply Today! {LINK}

All credit will be accepted

To clear your name from our database please {LINK}or use one of the optins below.

FORGET SPAM BLOCKERS!

Get SMART Spam Control That Always Delivers The Email You Want!

Finally, we discovered the ultimate solution that is guaranteed to stop all spam
without losing any of your important email! This revolutionary advanced technology
also protects you 100% against ALL email-borne viruses — both known and unknown.

We didn't believe it either until we actually tried it. So you be the judge and see for yourself.

Dear Respected One, 

GREETINGS,

Permit me to inform you of my desire of going into business relationship with you. I got your contact from the International web site directory. I prayed over it and selected your name among other names due to it's esteeming nature and the recommendations given to me as a reputable and trust worthy person I can do business with and by the recommendations I must not hesitate to confide in you for this simple and sincere business. 

I am Wumi Abdul; the only Daughter of late Mr and Mrs George Abdul. My father was a very wealthy cocoa merchant in Abidjan,the economic capital of Ivory Coast before he was poisoned to death by his business associates on one of their outing to discus on a business deal. When my mother died on the 21st October 1984, my father took me and my younger brother HASSAN special because we are motherless. Before the death of my father on 30th June 2002 in a private hospital here in Abidjan. He secretly called me on his bedside and told me that he has a sum of $12.500.000 (Twelve Million, five hundred thousand dollars) left in a suspense account in a local Bank here in Abidjan, that he used my name as his first Daughter for the next of kin in deposit of the fund. 

He also explained to me that it was because of this wealth and some huge amount of money his business associates supposed to balance his from the deal they had that he was poisoned by his business associates, that I should seek for a God fearing foreign partner in a country of my choice where I will transfer this money and use it for investment purpose, (such as real estate management). Sir, we are honourably seeking your assistance in the following ways.

1) To provide a Bank account where this money would be transferred to.

2) To serve as the guardian of this since I am a girl of 26 years.

Moreover Sir, we are willing to offer you 15% of the sum as compensation for effort input after the successful transfer of this fund to your designate account overseas. please feel free to contact ,me via this email address 
wumi1000abdul@yahoo.com

Anticipating to hear from you soon. 
Thanks and God Bless. 
Best regards. 
Miss Wumi Abdul 

PLEASE FOR PRIVATE AND SECURITY REASONS,REPLY ME VIA EMAIL: 
wumi1000abdul@yahoo.com

Dear, CONTACT ME WITH THIS EMAIL:(st_amah1v@yahoo.fr )

permit me to inform you of my desire of going into business relationship with you. I have the believe you are a reputable and responsible and trustworthy person I can do business with from the little information so far I gathered about you during my search for a partner and by matter of trust I must not hesitate to confide in you for this simple and sincere business.

I am Stella Amah 19 years of age the only daughter of late Mr Boni Amah whom was killed by the rebels that attacked our country cote d'Ivoire west Africa and took over our town (BOUAKE). I ran to Abidjan the economical capital of cote d'ivoire from were I am contacting you. Before the death of my father he told me that he has a sum of US$9,000,000(Nine million united states dollars) kept in a private security company here in cote d'ivoire in my name as the next of kin,

Dear, in the capacity of the next of kin and with all the documents in my hand now, I am contacting you with due sence of humanity that you will give it a sympathetic and mutual consideration.

I am honourably seeking your assistance in the following ways.

(1)To serve as the guardian of this fund and to come assist me visit the security company here to retrive the consignment.

(2)To make arrangement for me to come over to your country to further my education and to secure a residential permit for me in your country.

(3)To provide good investment plans for the fund and to manage the fund for 5 years, during the investment period,only our profit will be shared annually 70% for me the investor while 30% will be for you the fund manager annually.

Moreover, I am willing to offer you 15 % of the total sum as compensation for your effort /input after the successful transfer of this fund to your nominated account overseas, before the investments starts.and I have maped 5% for any expenses that might be incured during the course of this transaction.

furthermore, you can indicate your option towards assisting me as I believe that this transaction would be concluded within a stipulated period of time you signify your interest to assist me.

Anticipating hearing from you immediately.

Thanks and God bless.
Best Regards.
Stella Amah.

URGENT - HELP ME DISTRIBUTE MY $15 MILLION TO CHARITY

IN SUMMARY:- I have 15,000,000.00 (fifteen million) U.S. Dollars and I want you to assist me in distributing the money to charity organizations. I agree to reward you with part of the money for your assistance, kindness and participation in this Godly project. This mail might come to you as a surprise and the temptation to ignore it as unserious could come into your mind but please consider it a divine wish and accept it with a deep sense of humility.

I am Mr Peter Attah and I am a 55 years old man. I am a South African living in the Garden City of Port Harcourt - Nigeria. I was the President/CEO of TOMOBA OIL LIMITED - an oil servicing comapny in Port Harcourt. I was also married with two children. My wife and two children died in a car accident six years ago. Before this happened my business and concern for making money was all I was living for and I never really cared about other people.

But since the loss of my family, I have found a new desire to assist the helpless. I have been helping orphans in orphanages/motherless homes.I have donated some money to orphans in Sudan, Ethiopia, Cameroon,Spain,Austria,Germany and some Asian countries.

Before I became ill, I kept $15 Million in a long-term deposit account in Allied Bank PLC. Presently, I am in the hospital where I have been undergoing treatment for oesophageal cancer and my doctors have told me that I have only a few months to live. It is my last wish to see this money distributed to charity organizations. Because my relatives and friends has plundered so much of my wealth since my illness, I cannot live with the agony of entrusting this huge responsibility to any of them. 

Please, I beg you in the name of God to help me collect the $15 Million and the interest accrued on the deposit from Allied Bank and distributes it amongst charity organizations.

You are at liberty to use your discretion to distribute the money and feel free as well to reimburse yourself when you have the money for any expenses you incur in the course of collecting and distributing the money to charity organizations. I am willing to reward you for your assistance and kindness.

Kindly expedite action and contact me via e-mail: peterattah2007@yahoo.co.uk if this proposal is acceptable to you.

May the good Lord bless you and your family.

Best Regards,
Mr Peter Attah

N.B Contact me via e-mail: peterattah2007@yahoo.co.uk

FROM THE OFFICE MR SULEMAN BELLO
AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK (ADB).
OUAGADOUGOU BURKINA FASO.
WEST AFRICA.

TRANSFER OF ($ 25,200.000.00) TWENTY FIVE MILLION, TWO HUNDREN THOUSAND DOLLARS.

I AM SULEMAN BELLO, THE AUDITOR GENERAL OF AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK HERE IN BURKINA FASO. DURING THE COURSE OF OUR AUDITING, I DISCOVERED A FLOATING FUND IN AN ACCOUNT OPENED IN THE BANK BY MR JOHN KOROVO AND AFTER GOING THROUGH SOME OLD FILES IN THE RECORDS I DISCOVERED THAT THE OWNER OF THE ACCOUNT DIED IN THE (BEIRUT-BOUND CHARTER JET) PLANE CRASH ON THE 25TH DECEMBER 2003 IN COTONOU (REPUBLIC OF BENIN).

AND NOBODY HAS OPERATED ON THIS ACCOUNT AGAIN, THE OWNER OF THIS ACCOUNT IS MR JOHN KOROVO A FOREIGNER, AND A TRADER WHO TRADE ON GOLD AND MINING, HE DIED, SINCE 2003 AND NO OTHER PERSON KNOWS ABOUT THIS ACCOUNT OR ANY THING CONCERNING IT, THE ACCOUNT HAS NO OTHER BENEFICIARY AND MY INVESTIGATION PROVED TO ME AS WELL THAT MR JOHN KOROVO DIE ALONG WITH HIS TIRED FAMILY. THE AMOUNT INVOLVED IS (USD 25.2 M) TWENTY-FIVE MILLION, TWO HUNDRED THOUSAND UNITED STATES DOLLARS ONLY , I AM CONTACTING YOU AS A FOREIGNER BECAUSE THIS MONEY CAN NOT BE APPROVED TO A LOCAL PERSON HERE, BUT CAN ONLY BE APPROVED TO ANY FOREIGNER WITH VALID INTERNATIONAL PASSPORT OR DRIVERS LICENSE AND FOREIGN ACCOUNT BECAUSE THE MONEY IS IN US DOLLARS AND THE FORMER OWNER OF THE ACCOUNT MR JOHN KOROVO IS A FOREIGNER TOO, AND THE MONEY CAN ONLY BE APPROVED INTO A FOREIGN ACCOUNT.

I NEED YOUR STRONG ASSURANCE THAT YOU WILL NEVER, NEVER CHEAT ME AS SOON AS THIS FUND HIT INTO YOUR ACCOUNT. WITH MY INFLUENCE AND THE POSITION OF THE BANK OFFICIAL WE CAN TRANSFER THIS MONEY TO ANY FOREIGNER'S RELIABLE ACCOUNT WHICH YOU CAN PROVIDE WITH ASSURANCE THAT THIS MONEY WILL BE INTACT PENDING OUR PHYSICAL ARRIVAL IN YOUR COUNTRY FOR SHARING. THE BANK OFFICIAL WILL PROVE ALL DOCUMENTS OF TRANSACTION IMMEDIATELY FOR YOU TO RECEIVE THIS FUND LEAVING NO TRACE TO ANY PLACE AND TO BUILD CONFIDENCE.

ON THE CONCLUSION OF THIS TRANSACTION YOU WILL BE ENTITLED TO 30% OF THE TOTAL SUM AS GRATIFICATION, WHILE 10% WILL BE SET ASIDE TO TAKE CARE OF THEEXPENSES THAT MAY ARISE DURING THE TIME OF TRANSFER AND ALSO TELEPHONE BILLS, WHILE 60% WILL BE FOR ME.

SO ON THE INDICATION OF YOUR WILLINGNESS I WANT YOU TO FORWARD TO ME YOUR :FULL NAME: SEX: COMPANY: IF ANY FULL CONTACT ADDRESS: PHONE: CELL: FAX: CITY: STATE:ZIP CODE COUNTRY: OCCUPATION AND ALL THE NECESSARYINFORMATION WILL BE SENT TO YOU ON THE ACCEPTANCE TO CHAMPION THIS TRANSACTION WITH ME.

THANKS
YOURS TRULY
SULEMAN BELLO

 am Barr. Phillip Butulezi, an attorney of law to a deceased Immigrant property Magnate, who was based in the U.K, also referred to as my client.

On the 25th of July 2000, my client, his wife, and their two Children died in the Air France concord plane crash bound for New York. They were on their way to a world cruise.

Prior to that accident and since then, I have been managing Mr Schoeler's properties here in the U.K. Some of these properties, at the time of the accident, were already put on sale. I, as his attorney, monitored the sale of the properties, and the depositing of the proceeds into Mr Schoeler's main U.K bank account. I have contacted you initially to assist me in repatriating the money, and possibly ownership of some of the property left behind by my client; this is to prevent ownership of both reverting to the state. By U.K law, ownership of funds in current bank accounts unattended for six years will automatically revert back to her majesty's government treasury. However, the legal procedure to activate this takes about three months, of which there are just about two months left.

The bank has recently issued me a notice to provide details of any of Mr Schoeler's next of kin within a short period of time, this thereby triggers off the procedure of reverting ownership of the funds to her majesty's government. My Late client's main Uk bank account is valued at fifteen million, five hundred thousand U.S dollars ($15.5m). Since I have been unsuccessful in locating any relatives of my late client in the last six years; and with the bank indicating that they now wish to shortly start the procedure of reversion of ownership of the funds to the state, I now seek your consent to present you as the next of kin of the deceased, so that the proceeds of this account can be paid to you. And then you in turn can send me my share of the money. The ratio for the sharing of the funds will be fifty per cent (50%) to me, forty per cent (40%) to you, and ten per cent (10%) for miscellaneous expenses that might arise. I have all the necessary information that will be used to back up any claim we may make..

All I require is your honest co-operation and confidentiality to enable us sees this deal through. I guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law. Trust me, as Mr Schoeler's attorney; this is a risk-free transaction. Please send me your full names, address, and your telephone and fax numbers to enable us discuss this matter further.

I very much look forward to a swift response from you.

Kindest regards,

Barr. Phillip Butulezi

Good day
Private Message to you,

This is an important message to you.The lord directs me to share this with you. As you read the mail, you should sympathize with my current situation and assist me. My name is Isabella Carmel the only survivor from family of four. I was narrowly escaped from the tsunami disaster which affected my spinal cord and also my ear drum and claim the lifes of my entire family, husband (Denis caromel) and two sons (Ugo and Tom) who went for holidays in Sri-Lanka.

Right now I am currently in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia. After staying a week in my family hospital, I was disabled by the catastrophe and now on a wheel cheer after all the treatment.This has defiled all forms of medicine and right now I have only about a few months to live, according to medical experts.I have not lived my life so well as my primary interest and focus was only on my late fathers business. Though my father is very rich and was never generous. But now I regret all this, as I know that there is more in life than just wanting to have or make all the money in the world.The bible says what shall it profit a man to wine the whole world and loose his soul. I believe when God gives me a second chance to come to this world I will live my life a different way from how I have lived before. I have willed and given most of my fathers properties to the less privileges because I want God to be merciful to me and accept my soul. I have decided to give arms to charity organizations and give succor and comfort to the less privileged in our societies. I want this to be one of the last good deeds I do on earth since my father has never recognized that.

So far I have to distribute money to charity organizations now that my health has deteriorated so badly,I cannot do this myself anymore that is why am soliciting your assistant to make this donation through you. The last of my late fathers money that am willing to donate to the less privileged right now is the huge sum of $10.6M USD that is concealed in a consignment and deposited in (OVERSEA CREDIT COMMISSION ABROAD) for safekeeping which he intends to invest on profitable factory.

I want you to help me claim this funds where is deposited and disburse it to charity organizations and the less privileged in the society.Please I will appreciate you to indicate interest for the disbursement and also include your contact telephone/fax numbers that I will forward to the(OVERSEA CREDIT COMMISSION ABROAD) to be able to contact you as the appointed beneficiary. I will provide you the certificate of deposit and the letter of authority to enable you claim the consignment of the funds.

If you are willing and ready to assist with this project,please e-mail me at isabecaromel900@myway.com without delay, while I wait to hear from you.Thanks once again for your kindness may God guide and reward you in all your endeavors as you make me realize my last dreams and wishes.

Remain blessed,
Mrs.Isabella Caromel

I am Shamash Din Choudhry,British citizen and Principal assurance manager for the HSBC in London. A staff of Yokozona consultancy firm got in touch with me regarding the estate of Simeon Arag. And an investment placed under our banks management 3 years ago. I would respectfully request that you keep the contents of this mail confidential and respect the integrity of the information you come by as a result of this mail. I contact you independently of our investigation and no one is informed of this communication. I would like to intimate you with certain facts that I believe would be of interest to you.

In 1997, the subject matter;Simeon Arag came to our bank to engage in business discussions with our private banking division. He informed us that he had a financial portfolio of 8.35 million United States dollars, which he wished to have us turn over (invest) on his behalf. I was the officer assigned to his case, I made numerous suggestions in line with my duties as the de-facto chief operations officer, especially given the volume of funds he wished to put into our bank. We met on numerous occasions prior to any investments being placed. I encouraged him to consider various growth funds with prime ratings. The favored route in my advice to customers is to start by assessing data on 6000 traditional stocks and bond managers and 2000 managers of alternative investments. Based on my advice, We spun the money around various opportunities and made attractive margins for our first months of operation, the accrued profit and interest stood at this point at over 10 million United States Dollars, this margin was not the full potential of the fund but he desired low risk guaranteed returns on investments. In mid 1998, he asked that the money be liquidated because he needed to make an urgent investment requiring cash payments in United Kindom. He directed that I liquidate the funds and had it deposited with United Assets Management Uk (in their Securities Trading Firm).

I informed him that HSBC London would have to make special arrangements to have this done and in order not to circumvent due process, the bank would have to make a 9.5 % deduction from the funds to cater for banking and statutory charges. He complained about the charges but later came around when I explained to him the complexities of the task he was asking of us. Cash movement across boarders has become especially strict since the incidents of 9/11. I contacted my affiliate in United Kingdom and had the funds available in United Assets Management.I undertook all the processes and made sure I followed his precise instructions to the letter and had the funds deposited at United Assets Management Uk United Kindom. United Assets Management Uk is a specialist bank that accepts deposits from high net worth individuals and blue chip corporations that handle valuable products or undertake transactions that need immediate access to cash. In Line with instructions, the money was deposited with United Assets Management Uk (in their Securities Trading Firm). Simeon Arag told me he wanted the money there as soon as he got into the United Kindom,This was the last communication we had, this transpired around 25th February 1999.In Sept last year, we got a call from United Assets Management Uk informing us about the inactivity of that particular portfolio. This was an astounding position as far as I was concerned, given the fact that I managed the International private banking sector I was the only one who knew about the deposit at United Assets Management Uk, and I could not understand why Simeon Arag had not come forward to claim his deposit. I made futile efforts to locate Simeon Arag. Four days later, information started to trickle in, apparently Simeon Arag was dead. A person who suited his description was declared dead of AUTO ACCIDENT TRAUMA in Birmingham England. We were soon enough able to identify the body and cause of death was confirmed. The bank immediately launched an investigation into possible surviving next of kin to alert about the situation and also to come forward to claim his estate. In the field of private banking, opening an account with us means no one will know of its existence, accounts are rarely held under a name; depositors use numbers and codes to make the accounts anonymous. This bank also gives the choice to depositors of having their mail sent to them or held at the bank itself, ensuring that there are no traces of the account and as I said, rarely do they nominate next of kin. Private banking clients apart from not nominating next of kin also usually in most cases leave wills in our care, in this case;Simeon Arag died in testate.

In line with our internal processes for account holders who have passed away, we instituted our own investigations in good faith to determine who should have right to claim the estate. This investigation has for the past months been unfruitful. We have scanned every continent and used our private investigation affiliate companies to get to the root of the problem. It is this investigation that resulted in my being furnished with your details as a possible relative of the deceased. My official capacity dictates that I am the only party to supervise the investigation and the only party to receive the results of the investigation. You have unfortunately declared, and I know that you are in no way affiliated with this individual. What this means, you being the last batch of names we have considered is that our dear late fellow died with no known or identifiable family member. This leaves me as the only person with the full picture of what the prevailing situation is in relation to the deposit and the late beneficiary of the deposit.

According to practice, United Assets Management Uk will by the end of this quarter broadcast a request for statements of claim to HSBC in London, failing to receive viable claims they will most probably revert the deposit back to HSBC in London. This will result in the money entering the HSBC in London accounting system and the portfolio will be out of my hands and out of the private banking division. This will not happen if I have my way.What I wish to relate to you will smack off unethical practice but I want you to understand something. It is only an outsider to the banking world who finds the internal politics of the banking world aberrational. The world of private banking especially is fraught with huge rewards for those who occupy certain offices and oversee certain portfolios. You should have begun by now to put together the general direction of what I propose. There is US$ 8,370,000.00 deposited in United Assets Management Uk, I alone have the deposit details and they will release the deposit to no one unless I instruct them to do so. I alone know of the existence of this deposit for as far as United Assets Management Uk is concerned, the transaction with Simeon Arag concluded when I sent the funds to United Assets Management Uk, all outstanding interactions in relation to the file are just customer services and due process. United Assets Management Uk has no single idea of the history or nature of the deposit. They are simply awaiting instructions to release the deposit to any party that comes forward. This is the situation. This bank has spent great amounts of money trying to track this man’s family; they have investigated for months and have found no family. The investigation has come to an end.

My proposal, I am prepared to place you as the next of kin in a position to instruct United Assets Management Uk to release the deposit to you as the closest surviving relation. Upon receipt of the deposit, I am prepared to share the money with you in half. That is: I will simply nominate you as the next of kin and have them release the deposit to you. We share the proceeds 50/50.I would have gone ahead to ask the funds be released to me, but that would have drawn a straight line in my involvement in claiming the deposit. I assure you that I could have the deposit released to you within a few days. I will simply inform the bank of the final closing of the file relating to Simeon Arag I will then officially communicate with United Assets Management Uk and instruct them to release the deposit to you. With these: all is done. I am aware of the consequences of this proposal. I ask that if you find no interest in this project that you should discard this mail. I ask that you do not be vindictive and destructive. If my offer is of no appeal to you, delete this message and forget I ever contacted you. Do not destroy my career because you do not approve of my proposal. You may not know this but people like myself who have made tidy sums out of comparable situations run the whole private banking sector. I am not a criminal and what I do, I do not find against good conscience, this may be hard for you to understand, but the dynamics of my industry dictates that I make this move. Such opportunities only come ones way once in a lifetime. I cannot let this chance pass me by, for once I find myself in total control of my destiny. These chances wont pass me by. I ask that you do not destroy my chance, if you will not work with me let me know and let me move on with my life but do not destroy me. I am a family man and this is an opportunity to provide them with new opportunities. There is a reward for this project and it is a task well worth undertaking. I have evaluated the risks and the only risk I have here is from you refusing to work with me and alerting my bank. I am the only one who knows of this situation, good fortune has blessed you with a name that has planted you into the center of relevance in my life. Lets share the blessing.

If you give me positive signals, I will initiate this process towards a conclusion. I wish to inform you that should you contact me via official channels; I will deny knowing you and about this project. I repeat, I do not want you contacting me through my official phone lines nor do I want you contacting me through my official email account. Contact me only through the numbers I will provide for you and also through this email address. I do not want any direct link between you and me. My official lines are not secure lines as they are periodically monitored to assess our level of customer care in line with our Total Quality Management Policy.Please observe this instruction religiously. Please, again, note I am a family man, I have wife and children. I send you this mail not without a measure of fear as to what the consequences, but I know within me that nothing ventured is nothing gained and that success and riches never come easy or on a platter of gold. This is the one truth I have learned from my private banking clients. Do not betray my confidence as I would appreciate that you copy and respond back to me via this given email contact:sdinchoudry@gmail.com, If we can be of one accord, we should plan a meeting, soon.

I await your response.
Respectfully,
Shamash Din Choudhry.


To view your most recent bill, please click here. You must log-in to your account
or register for an online account to view your statement.

There are many options to pay your bill. Sign up for the Automatic Payment Plan
to have your payment automatically deducted from your bank or credit card.
Pay electronically online at the Account Center, visit an Authorized Payment Center
or send a check by mail.

Our monthly bill inserts you energy-saving tips, regulatory updates and more.

EMAIL ADDRESS RESPONSIBILITY
To ensure timely receipt of your bill and other communications, copy this e-mail address
into your approved mailing list, so it is not blocked by your protection software.

Notice to Appear,

Hereby you are notified that you have been
scheduled to appear for your hearing that
will take place in the court of Fresno in April 14, 2014 at 10:45 am.
Please bring all documents and witnesses relating to this case
with you to Court on your hearing date.
The copy of the court notice is attached to this letter.

Note: If you do not attend the hearing the
judge may hear the case in your absence.

Yours truly,
CALHOUN Cole
Clerk to the Court.